This is another mod to this text also done it with CMD
- You, oh Queen, are fair, it's true, but Snow White is fairer still than you.
The queen trembled with anger as she realized that the hunter had tricked her. She decided that she would now find Snow White and kill her herself. The queen disguised herself as an old pedlar woman with a basket of apples, and one of them was poisoned.  When she knocked at the cottage door, the queen offered Snow White an apple as a present. Snow White stretched out her hand for the apple and also took a bite. At once Snow White was affected by the poison and fell down as though dead.
That evening when the dwarfs returned they were quite unable to revive her. They watched over her through the night, but when morning came she still lay without any sign of life, and they decided she must be dead. Weeping bitterly, they laid herein a coffin and placed a glass lid over the top so that all could admire her beauty, even though she was dead. Then they carried the coffin to the top of a hill where they took turns to stand guard.
Not long after this a prince came riding through the forest and came to the hill where Snow White lay in her glass-topped coffin. She looked so beautiful that he loved her at once and he asked the dwarfs if he could kiss her. As the prince kissed Snow White gently, he moved her head. The piece of poisoned apple fell from her lips. Slowly she came back to life. Snow White saw the handsome prince kneeling on the ground beside her, and fell in love with him straight away.
Then the queen far away in the palace heard from the mirror:
- You, oh Queen, are fair, tis true, But Snow White is fairer still than you.
She was furious that Snow White had escaped death once more. And now the king discovered what mischief she had been up to, and banished her from his land. No one ever saw her or her mirror again. As for Snow White, she said farewell to her kind friends the dwarfs, and rode away on the back of the prince's horse. At his castle they were married and they both lived happily forever afterwards.
